Okay. So, now we are all set to deploy our token,
our token contract to a public network, Rinkeby.
Now, the first thing I'm going to show you,
you definitely want to make sure that you have enough ether in your balance.
The way you can check that, is using your MetaMask.
So, going to click on this ''MetaMask" icon on the side.
If you have the right network,
so we're going to start deploying this on Rinkeby.
If I click on "Rinkeby",
and you see you have two accounts,
and one of them has enough balance and the other one of course zero balance.
So, I'm going to make sure that this account is selected.
If this account is not selected,
and if I select this account,
and I start deploying my contract,
it's going to not go through just because I do not have enough balance.
You want to make sure that this account is selected.
If you don't have enough balance,
you can always go to any of the public faucets.
All you can do, you
can actually infer the very first one that pulls up right there, is this one.
If you don't see that, that's fine.
Just go, type rinkebyetherfaucet,
and you will find quite a bit.
So, the first one I'm going to go click on.
All you're going to do, is that it really wants you to post an address of a URL.
The way it goes is that, if you go to Google Plus,
and you take your MetaMask account,
and then you just have opposed.
All you do is a public post,
and you bring that address of the URL that you posted and paste it right there,
and then he can request ether.
So, what I'm going to do,
is go to my MetaMask.
Once I go to my MetaMask,
I'm going to go to "My Accounts" and I'm going to copy this.
Okay? So, I copied my address and I'm going to go to plus.google.com.
Once I go there, I'm going to go paste my account address right there.
Once I've pasted, it's going to give me a URL box.
I'm going to take this URL now,
and then go paste this URL right there.
I'm going to say, "Give me these many ethers," you have some options.
So, I'm going to choose this option,
and then I'm going to say, "Give me Ether".
So, if you see its funding right now,
and it probably just will gives you.
There's some limited options,
you can choose three ethers and for eight hours,
or three options here.
So, it's going to go through and let's give it just about another couple of seconds,
and then it's going to go through and give me confirmation back.
You'll see my balance in my MetaMask should also go up with the same time.
So, let's go click on our "MetaMask balance".
So, if you see it went,
in fact, just went double.
I had 3,000 something, though it's quite a bit more.
Now, these are just play tokens,
I mean they don't really have value.
But again, really helps you to test and work around the test networks.
Fantastic. So, we're all set.
Now, we have this much balance.
So now, we are ready to deploy it to a public network,
which I will show you in the next video on Rinkeby.